I think you are the early betrayal dragon
Then take this opportunity to kick me away
I have been with you for so many years
I have been silently supporting you behind your back.
I even gave you the Golden Dragon Award
What about you?
You're willing to sleep with someone for that little resource
What right do you have to accuse me?
Nice to say
No, after divorcing me
Immediately climb on someone else
I told you.
My meeting with Miss Yue was just a coincidence
I don't know this Miss Jin either
It's you
Greed
No matter how nice I am to you
You don't know how much to give you.
Didn't you say
Can luggage take you to the international stage?
Now he can only find food in the trash can
And you? Soon you have nothing.
I still don't regret you
What are you?
Our lady is the beloved daughter of the Jin family
Women here
Can't compare to that Jin Family Sixth Miss
Not to mention your damage.
Even if Mr. Xue Zhilong chooses my lady
That's why he has vision.
A woman like you who trades her body for resources
It really doesn't deserve the eyes of our Jin family.
Okay, Aunt Zhang
An actor
What's there to say to him?
Just because he cooperates with our Jin family
Let alone accuse Mr. Xue Zhilong
Did you know
The high-ranking Mr. Xue Zhilong in your mouth
I was raised by my neighbor for four years
I've been living off takeout for the past four years
He wouldn't be alive if it weren't for our neighbor
Oh, then I have to thank you.
Of course, it's really off the table